DOCS-2831 - aws batch not supported (#12471)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/amazon_ecs/_index.md

- [Datadog Container Agent v5 setup for Amazon ECS][2]
- [Datadog Host Agent setup with Autodiscovery][3]

> **Note**: **If you are looking to set up ECS on Fargate, follow [this doc instead][4].** AWS Batch is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: **If you are looking to set up ECS on Fargate, see [Amazon ECS on AWS Fargate][4].** AWS Batch is not supported.
```
